{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14640\viewh11660\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Personal InterView FAQ\
\
1. Anticipate questions - \
	Tell me about yourself\
	What do you enjoy doing\
	Why do you want to do this? Work here?\
	What are your strengths weaknesses?\
	What is an example of when you worked through a difficult situation. \
	How do you handle conflict / Stress / Disagreement in the workplace?\
	Tell me about a time you solved a problem or improved a process\
	Any questions for me / us?\
	How did you hear about us?\
	What do you know about us?\
	How would a previous boss / coworker describe you?\
	Where do you see yourself in 5 years.\
\
2. Prepare thoughtful responses -\
	Tell me about yourself - \
	Should be more about your career history and development of yourself up to this point in your life. \
	I was here and worked and did this which led me to this and had the chance to go here and do this\'85\
 \
	What are your weaknesses? - show some vulnerability but turn it into an asset or maybe bring in something you have learned to 	overcome this.\
\
	PAR = Problem Action Result\
\
Christina Kopecky [4:40 PM]\
Can you explain why you changed career paths?\
\
-- My prior career was as a flute teacher. I love the flute - I have two degrees in it - and I would love to have played professionally too. But I have a medical condition that has affected the nerves in the tips of my fingers so learning new music and HARD music - the type of music professionals learn -- is not something I can do anymore. Teaching is rewarding, but it doesn\'92t offer the type of support that teaching piano or violin can offer. So I needed to look elsewhere for a career change.\
\
I took a coding class on coursera or udemy or codeacademy? One of those sites and I was intrigued by it. The idea of getting into web development was an interesting one and I decided to pursue it further by applying to go to a bootcamp. I came upon Lambda School and was accepted almost immediately and have had the best time learning and getting a feel for what it\'92s gonna be like in the web development community. I have a feeling it\'92s going to be awesome.\
\
Can you explain why you changed career paths?\
\
After 7 years of working for small sign shops, I realized I needed more than just Graphic Design skills in order to move into a higher paying position within a larger company. Larger companies require their employees to wear many hats and I was simply sporting baseball cap. The UX program at Lambda has given me a closet full of hats to wear and show how valuable my skillset is now compared to one year ago.\
\
Where do you see yourself in 5 years,, 10 years?\
\
In five years I see myself still striving to become a better engineer/developer always trying to improve myself in my field to keep up with the changing of the languages I use. Now in 10 years that is yet to be seen.\
\
What is one of your weaknesses?\
\
I tend to hold people to high standards, and get frustrated when they do not meet those expectations. After identifying this problem, I've spent years managing my expectations in a healthier way by appreiciating everyone's unique contributions, defining a MVP style approach to daily progress, and looking at th big picture more to avoid reacting to minor setbacks. As a result my professional relationships have improved, I am more able to lead, and I am learning from others more often.\
\
* What do you struggle with the most\
\
   * Problem -> At Tompkins(Bank job) I had a hard time focusing. My main job duties were repititive and required high accuracy and while early in the day I felt I performed well, my performance diminished later in the day.\
   * Action -> I implemented the pomodoro technique into my daily work schedule which allowed me to work intensely on 30 minutes and take a short break for 5 minutes.\
   * Result -> I was able to focus better and maintain a high level of accuracy throughout the day.\
\
Where do you see yourself in 5 years?\
\
I see myself still keeping up-to-date with the latest technologies and being able to communicate with the team and clients on how to get the project done based on requirements.\
Mentoring junior developers that join the company on how to get up to speed and integrate them into the company culture.\
\
What is your greatest weakness?\
\
One of my greatest weaknesses is that I tend to be very introverted. When I encounter a coding problem, for example, or a bug that stumps me, I tend to just keep it to myself, hesitant to ask anyone for help. I quickly realized how counterproductive that was, so I began to open up more and ask for help more. The more I did that, the easier it became to go out of my comfort zone and ask people for help. It was both a humbling and a rewarding experience.\
\
3. Here - \
}